pb1 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters a short month name followed by a day number (ex: Mar 8). For each possible 4 hours interval, the script will display the time interval (hh:mm-hh:mm) and the average number of users that were connected to the server on that date and within that time frame.
pb2 # Write a shell script that takes a group name (ex: gr821) as a parameter. The script will display the given group name followed by the list of all students that belong to that group. Each line in the student list will contain the username of the student followed by its full name.
pb3 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. The script will display the ratio of the number of lowercase letters to the number of uppercase letters in each given file (ex: file1.txt l/U = 95/12).
pb4 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. The script will display the lines containing the same word in consecutive positions in the given files. Each line will be prefixed with its number and the word involved.
pb5 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. For each line in the given files which contains more than 10 characters, the script will display the number of that line and its content starting from the 11th character. At the end of each file analysis, the script will display the file name and the number of lines that have been displayed before.
pb6 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. For each given file, the script will display its name and the average number of words per line. At the end, the script will display also the average number of words per file.
pb7 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. For each line in the given files which contains more than 20 characters, the script will display the number of that line, the first word and the last word.
pb8 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. For each file, the script will display the name of the file, the sum of the numbers on each line in that file and the ratio of the lines l1 that contain numbers to the lines l2 that do not contain numbers (ex: file1 sum = 1234 l1/l2 = 3/5).
pb9 # Write a shell script that takes as parameters several file names. For each line in the given files in which a word appears 2 or more times, the script will display the number of that line, and the word involved.
pb10 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. The script will display the number of files, the average number of words per file and the total word count.
pb11 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. The script will display the name of the file which contains the highest number of words and the word count.
pb12 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters two words followed by several file names. The script will replace any occurrence of the first word with the second word in each line of the given files.
pb13 # Write a shell script that takes as parameters a short month name followed by a day number and a time interval (ex: Mar 8 11.00-12.00). The script will display the usernames and the total number of users that were connected to the server on that date and within that time frame.
pb14 # Write a shell script which takes as parameter a time interval (hh:mm-hh:mm). The script will display the average number of users that were connected to the server in the given time interval.
pb15 # Write a shell script which takes as parameters several file names. The script will display the ratio of the number of vowels to the number of consonants in each given file (ex: file1.txt v/c = 22/47).
